Changelog for edge-21.3.3 (#5924)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## edge-21.3.3

This release includes various bug fixes and improvements to the CLI, the
identity and destination control plane components as well as the proxy. This
release also ships with a new CLI binary for Apple Silicon M1 chips.

* Updated `helm-upgrade` and `upgrade-stable` integration tests now that 2.10

>   has been released

Reviewer: Not user facing so I don't think we need to include this.

> * Added new RabbitMQ integration tests (thanks @barkardk!)

Reviewer 2: We usually don't include info about updated integration tests as they're not user-facing, but we can bend that rule for the RabbitMQ one so we can give back credit :wink:

* Updated the Go version to 1.16.2
* Fixed an issue where the `linkerd identity` command returned the root
  certificate of a pod instead of its leaf certificate
* Fixed an issue where the destination service would respond with too big of a
  header and result in http2 protocol errors

> * Updated `docker-build-cli-bin` to build Darwin Arm64 binaries. This now adds
>   support for running Linkerd CLI on Apple Silicon M1 chips

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Updated the release process to build Linkerd CLI binaries for Apple Silicon
  M1 chips
```

Users hopefully don't know anything about docker-build-cli-bin

* Improved error messaging when trying to install Linkerd on a cluster that
  already had Linkerd installed

> * Fixed an issue where the `destination` control plan component sometimes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the `destination` control plane component sometimes
```

Reviewer 2: Also this item needs its contributor to be credited for
